docs/api/ui-forms/sklottieview.md, before:

# SKLottieView

The Lottie view is a animated view that can playback Lottie files.

| Preview |
| :-----: |
| ![lottie](../../images/ui/controls/sklottieview/lottie.gif) |

## Properties

There are several properties that can be used to control th animation playback:

| Property               | Type                   | Description |
| :--------------------- | :--------------------- | :---------- |
| **Source**             | `SKLottieImageSource`  | The Lottie [image source](#source) to playback in the view. |
| **Duration**           | `TimeSpan`             | A value indicating the total duration of the animation. |
| **Progress**           | `TimeSpan`             | The current playback progress of the animation. |
| **RepeatCount**        | `int`                  | The number of times to repeat the animation. Default is 0 (no repeat). |
| **RepeatMode**         | `SKLottieRepeatMode`   | The way in which to repeat the animation. Default is `Restart`. |
| **IsAnimationEnabled** | `bool`                 | Determines whether the control will play the animation provided. |
| **IsComplete**         | `bool`                 | A value that indicates whether all systems are complete. |

## Events

There are a few events that can be used to be notified of animation loading events:

| Event                | Type            | Description |
| :------------------- | :-------------- | :---------- |
| **AnimationLoaded**  | `EventHandler`  | Invoked when the animation has loaded successfully. |
| **AnimationFailed**  | `EventHandler`  | Invoked when there was an error loading the animation. |

## Parts

In addition to the properties on the view, there is the overall control template that can directly influence the visual appearance of the view. The default template is defined as:

```xaml
<ControlTemplate x:Key="SKLottieViewControlTemplate">
    <skia:SKCanvasView x:Name="PART_DrawingSurface" />
</ControlTemplate>
```

| Part                     | Description |
| :----------------------- | :---------- |
| **PART_DrawingSurface**  | This part can either be a `SKCanvasView` or a `SKGLView` and describes the actual rendering surface for the animation. |

Commit message:

Rename IsCompleted to IsRunning (#127)
* Renamed IsComplete over to IsRunning
Also swapped to a BindingMode.OneWayToSource to allow this to provide values out to the VM or other controls in bindings with it not intended to control the running of the animation itself

* Add xml docs

* Update the docs

docs/api/ui-forms/sklottieview.md, after:

# SKLottieView

The Lottie view is a animated view that can playback Lottie files.

| Preview |
| :-----: |
| ![lottie](../../images/ui/controls/sklottieview/lottie.gif) |

## Properties

There are several properties that can be used to control th animation playback:

| Property               | Type                   | Description |
| :--------------------- | :--------------------- | :---------- |
| **Source**             | `SKLottieImageSource`  | The Lottie [image source](#source) to playback in the view. |
| **Duration**           | `TimeSpan`             | A value indicating the total duration of the animation. |
| **Progress**           | `TimeSpan`             | The current playback progress of the animation. |
| **RepeatCount**        | `int`                  | The number of times to repeat the animation. Default is 0 (no repeat). |
| **RepeatMode**         | `SKLottieRepeatMode`   | The way in which to repeat the animation. Default is `Restart`. |
| **IsAnimationEnabled** | `bool`                 | Determines whether the control will play the animation provided. |
| **IsRunning**          | `bool`                 | Determines whether the control is currently rendering the animation. |

## Events

There are a few events that can be used to be notified of animation loading events:

| Event                | Type            | Description |
| :------------------- | :-------------- | :---------- |
| **AnimationLoaded**  | `EventHandler`  | Invoked when the animation has loaded successfully. |
| **AnimationFailed**  | `EventHandler`  | Invoked when there was an error loading the animation. |

## Parts

In addition to the properties on the view, there is the overall control template that can directly influence the visual appearance of the view. The default template is defined as:

```xaml
<ControlTemplate x:Key="SKLottieViewControlTemplate">
    <skia:SKCanvasView x:Name="PART_DrawingSurface" />
</ControlTemplate>
```

| Part                     | Description |
| :----------------------- | :---------- |
| **PART_DrawingSurface**  | This part can either be a `SKCanvasView` or a `SKGLView` and describes the actual rendering surface for the animation. |
